Bug/bedrock claude troubleshooting (#4901)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/ai-gateway/use-claude-code-with-ai-gateway-bedrock.md

```
{:.no-copy-code}

This output confirms that Claude Code routed the request through {{site.ai_gateway}} using AWS Bedrock with the `us.anthropic.claude-haiku-4-5-20251001-v1:0` model.

## Troubleshooting

When using Claude Code with AWS Bedrock models you may encounter connection errors.

> The following sections provide workarounds for common errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Claude Code with AWS Bedrock models, you may encounter connection errors.
See the following sections for common error workarounds.
```

### API Error 400: `context_management`: Extra inputs are not permitted

> Some beta features are not compatible with AWS Bedrock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some beta features aren't compatible with AWS Bedrock.
This error displays because Claude beta features are enabled.
```
We typically use contractions unless it's a destructive behavior, ex. "Do not delete the database."

> To resolve this issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, do the following:
```

1. Disable betas and experiments:
```sh
export CLAUDE_CODE_DISABLE_EXPERIMENTAL_BETAS=1
```
2. Configure the [Request Transformer Advanced](/plugins/request-transformer-advanced/) plugin to remove beta information and the `model` field:

> {% entity_examples %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% capture fix_claude_beta %}
{% entity_examples %}
```
This whole entity_example block needed to be indented by 3 to match the ordered list. I think this is what was causing the indent error when I ran this.

This liquid {% capture %} block will capture whatever is between it and then we can indent the whole thing rather than indent each line.

entities:
  plugins:
    - name: ai-proxy
      config:
        llm_format: anthropic
        route_type: llm/v1/chat
        logging:
          log_statistics: true
          log_payloads: false
        auth:
          allow_override: false
          aws_access_key_id: ${aws_access_key_id}
          aws_secret_access_key: ${aws_secret_access_key}
        model:
          provider: bedrock
          name: us.anthropic.claude-haiku-4-5-20251001-v1:0
          options:
            anthropic_version: bedrock-2023-05-31
            bedrock:
              aws_region: ${aws_region}
            max_tokens: 8192
    - name: request-transformer-advanced
      config:
        remove:
          headers:
            - anthropic-beta
          querystring:
            - beta
          body:
            - model
variables:
  aws_access_key_id:
    value: $AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
  aws_secret_access_key:
    value: $AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
  aws_region:
    value: $AWS_REGION

> {% endentity_examples %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endentity_examples %}
{% endcapture %}
{{ fix_claude_beta | indent: 3 }}
```

### API Error 400: `max_tokens` must be greater than `thinking.budget_tokens`

> If your `max_tokens` limit is too small you may encounter an error, you can resolve this by setting a larger value. The maximum value is `200000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `max_tokens` limit is too small, you may encounter this error.
You can resolve this by setting `max_tokens` to a value greater than `budget_tokens`. The maximum value is `200000`.

For more information about the default `budget_tokens` value, see [Building with extended thinking](https://platform.claude.com/docs/en/build-with-claude/extended-thinking#max-tokens-and-context-window-size) in Claude's API docs.
```
